SpaceX just dropped Grokbot, the new AI agent platform that lets you text multiple agents at once to get work done for you.

And while everybody is talking about it, I haven't seen many cool use cases for this.

So, in this video, I'm going to show you five use cases that I found where we can have multiple agents literally texting each other in order to accomplish tasks.

Each agent is a specialist for a given task in order to complete work for you.

So, by the end of this video, you'll have a deep sense of what you could do with Grokbot.

Without further ado, let's dive right in.

All right, so this first use case I'm going to show is more of a basic one, but I think this really applies to everybody.

So, I wanted to show this first.

And we're going to go from the most basic to the most powerful use cases throughout this video.

And so, this first use case is creating an inbox agent.

And what this does is every single day on a scheduled trigger, it automatically reads all of my emails in my Gmail account, and then it's going to create a high-priority briefing for me to analyze every single morning.

And you're probably thinking, "Brock, what's so cool about this?

Because I already do this inside of something like Claude Cowerk." Well, I'm going to break that down right now.

Inside of Grokbot, we can have multiple different agents interacting with each other inside of specific group chats that we configure.

So, for example, this inbox triage agent is going to be communicating with another agent that I created, which is my chief of staff.

What my chief of staff does is it does basically all of my admin-related tasks.

So, once the inbox agent goes and scrapes my email for me, it's automatically going to flag what's urgent, set the priority, and then assign a teammate inside of my ClickUp project management tool in order for both me and my team to see what's going on inside of my business.

So, now do we not only have one agent doing tasks for me, but we have two that are literally communicating with each other in order to do different specialized tasks within inside my business.

We're going to dive deeper into this later in the video where I have different agents interacting with each other to get my work done for me.

And we're really moving to a point in time where we We just have one group chat where we have multiple different agents coordinating with each other in order to basically do our work for us.

Now, first things first, if you haven't downloaded Grokbot, let me show you exactly how to do that.

So, there's going to be a link in the description to sign up for this.

You can see it at this URL x.ai/bot.

You're just going to download this for macOS or basically whatever operating system you're using.

As well as you could download the app on your phone so you could interact with this on the go, which is actually one of the best features about this whole release.

Next, once you download the app and you open it up, this is what you're going to see.

For me personally, I have a couple of different bots or so-called agents, if you want to call them that, on the left-hand side.

And this functions literally like any chat application.

It reminds me of Telegram and WhatsApp.

And basically, we just chat with these bots like we are, you know, interacting with a colleague.

So, I have a couple ones that I've created.

I have a content bot.

I have an invoice agent.

I have a chief of staff.

I have a video agent.

I have my inbox triage, which I'm going to show you now.

As well as I have a couple of different group chats where multiple of these agents are interacting with each other in order to do specific work for me.

Now, if I pull up my inbox agent, you can see that I had a conversation with this yesterday.

And I have my Gmail configured so it's able to go and pull from my emails as well as send emails on my behalf.

So, I just said, "Check my emails from today." It went and pulled from my email as well as my Google Calendar and basically broke down everything that needs a look, all my money and receipts from my inbox, as well as all the different collab opportunities that are in my email.

Now, this is my agent in action.

So, I gave it this prompt right here.

I just said, "Hey, I want you to go and look inside of my email inbox.

From there, I want you to add the top priority things to my board inside of ClickUp as well as add specific due dates there so we can make sure to accomplish these things over the next couple of days." Then, what it did is it pulled through my email.

It broke down the nine different things that I need to work on and then it added the sense of urgency as well as the due date for when this task needs to be completed.

Now, if you don't know what ClickUp is, it's a project management software and this is what I use to run my team, to stay up-to-date on the different projects that we're working on inside multiple of my different businesses.

And the best part is, I have my inbox agent going and finding all the things that I need to do for the day and automatically adding this to my ClickUp.

So, not only I could see what I need to work on, but my entire team can see that as well.

Now, as you can see here, I have this workspace configured that I actually had Grok Bot go and build for me and all of these tasks right here were actually from my email.

So, it went, pulled everything from my email, sent me a text saying, "Hey, here's everything that, you know, is important for you to do for the day." And then it also added a due date for all these different tasks along with a priority level.

Now, one of the best parts about ClickUp is there's multiple different views that I could, you know, basically see this list in.

So, I could come to this board view and I could see basically everything that I need to get done automatically right here.

For example, I have my to-do list here, then I have the tasks that are in progress.

So, I could come over here, drag this into in progress.

So, that way I could see everything that's going on inside of my business.

All right, so for this next use case, I'm going to show you how to generate video and image assets just like this directly from Grok Bot using a video agent.

I'm even going to share with you a skill that allows you to literally take images of something just like this on your phone, upload it to your AI agent and then get outputs just like this.

I mean, look at this.

This is pretty cool.

I literally took a picture of this Sun Bum bottle from my phone and in just like 2 minutes it generated this video for me and with this skill I'm going to show you, we don't even have to give it a prompt.

As promised, here is how to download the video skills for free.

There will be a link in the description.

Basically, you just come here, you're going to name a fair price, just put $0.

If you want to hypothetically pay me, just subscribe to this channel for more content, then click on I want this.

From here, just click on get and then we will now have this zip file.

So, go ahead and download the zip file.

Let's drag it onto our desktop and then simply open up your agent inside of Grok Bot, take this zip file, upload it, and then just say upload these skills, and then it will go ahead and download those for you.

Also, I do want to mention you can obviously add skills into Grok Bot, and in order to access them, you just go and type {slash}, and then we could see any of these skills that we have created.

So, for example, we have this generate video skill with Higgsfield right here, as well as here is a skill called Exploding Teardown, which is one of the two skills that you just downloaded inside of that zip file.

If you don't know what a skill is, a skill is basically a repeatable workflow, and it's a markdown file explaining exactly how to do something.

So, instead of us having to give a really detailed prompt on how to generate assets like the ones that I showed you earlier on, it automatically knows the exact style.

So, whenever I say generate a product video, it will automatically just do it like that, the exact same way every time.

Now, the way that we're going to do this is with a plugin, so we're going to come down here to plugins, and we need to make sure to sign up with an account and install this first.

So, we're going to search for plugins, and we're going to look up Higgsfield.

If you don't know what Higgsfield is, it's an all-in-one creative AI platform that has access to all the best image and video models, so that way we could generate basically any asset that we can think of directly from Grok Bot without us even having to leave the platform.

Now, I do want to be transparent and mention pricing for this.

You do have to pay for Higgsfield, and I know you could connect these different video and image models yourself, but personally, for the sake of ease of use, I personally like to pay for a plan on Higgsfield, so that way I could access all of these without having to configure each of them individually and pay different subscription costs for all the different models.

Plus, whenever a new model comes out, I automatically have access to it.

I just personally like to use this for ease of use.

Next, once we have an account added, we're just going to come to the Higgsfield plugin, click add, and then we're just going to need to authorize it from our account inside of the Higgsfield platform.

And just like that, we now have it enabled with 86 different tools, so we could generate images, generate video, audio, so many things that that could do using the Higgsfield MCP, and this is why I like to use it.

Now, for the fun part, let's come to the video agent inside of Grok Bot on my phone because I downloaded the mobile app.

Make sure to download it if you want to do the same thing.

And what I'm going to do is I'm simply going to take a picture of this camera right here, and then we're going to turn this into an advertisement using that skill.

So, let me get a good image like this.

Let's actually take a couple because obviously we need to give it good reference images, otherwise it's not going to, you know, make it look like the same product.

And there we go.

I just sent off a very basic prompt.

I said, "Generate a product ad for this camera." And since we created the product ad skill, it's going to know exactly how to generate it in the style like I just showed you, just like this Sun Bum spray bottle.

And there's this little icon here that is kind of blinking, and this is our agent.

Whenever this is moving around, that is how we know that our agent is actually working on a task.

So, let's let it do its thing, and we'll come back to a video in the chat here.

And I do want to mention we will be able to see this on our desktop app as well since these two sync the different conversations between the agents.

All right, so let's take a look at this video that it generated.

This is going to be pretty cool.

Bam.

So, it shows our camera coming apart.

I mean, this is pretty cool.

We could use this for like an animated website or something.

But again, this is a part of that skill pack that I gave you earlier on in this video for free.

Now, I want to quickly talk about something that's really going to level up your experience with Grok Bot or any AI agent for that matter.

Because a big thing when we're creating these agents is we need to make sure it's grabbing the proper context.

And sometimes it's really hard for AI to go and scrape different websites and get all the context that we need or even scrape like competitors content, for example.

That's something that AI just has a difficult time doing.

Well, I'm going to show you how to use something called Firecrawl, which is a way to basically equip our AI agent with hands and able to go and scrape this information for us.

So, that way our agent gets clean data that we can interact with.

And just to break this down a little bit more so you can understand why we would use this, I'm going to talk about four different use cases where Firecrawl is going to be extremely helpful.

So, an example is something like price watching.

Something where we just have an agent that is tracking competitors pricing daily and it's able to scrape through their website in order to notify us whenever there's a changing to their pricing.

Another example is lead research.

So, we could pull company information before we actually go and send out reach with our AI agents.

Next, this is one that I personally use and I'm going to show you here shortly and that is for content research.

For example, we're not able to pull information from YouTube directly inside of Grokbot, but I'm able to use Firecrawl in order to go and scrape YouTube and get competitor data for me to stay up to date with my agent.

Then, using it to become an expert with different documents.

It's really good at reading document sites and again, that's something that AI just kind of struggles with.

So, first things first, we need to make sure that we have a Firecrawl account set up.

So, if you don't have it already, make sure to sign up in the link below.

It is actually really cheap.

I'm personally on the hobby plan, which is I believe $19 per month and I never run into any limits here.

You could also go for the free plan and work your way up until you hit your limits there.

Now, in order to configure Firecrawl inside of our agent inside of Grokbot, we're just going to come over to plugins.

We're going to click on this.

We're going to search up Firecrawl and I'm simply just going to click on add and what it's going to do is it's going to open up Firecrawl in my browser and I'm just going to need to authorize it and then it should be good to go and we could use it for scraping.

So, I'm just going to give it this prompt here.

Go and scrape my YouTube videos with Firecrawl.

I added my link to my YouTube I said, give me the titles and the amount of views for my previous 10 videos.

Now, what we're going to notice is our agent says that YouTube blocked the first scrape.

So, now it's trying Firecrawl's agent extractor for the video list.

So, this is one reason and one way that Firecrawl really comes in handy because otherwise, we're not able to scrape YouTube.

All right, and here we go.

We have an output.

Here are my last 10 videos.

Shows the amount of views.

I guess it pulled short form videos as well and it shows the title.

And then right here, this is why we're using Firecrawl.

It says, "Note, YouTube's video page blocked a direct scrape, so I used Fire Crawl on your channel RSS plus each watch view." Basically, went ahead and just was able to pull this.

That's one thing you'll notice with Fire Crawl, it's just working in the background, just helping you enrich this data for certain things that you wouldn't realize AI isn't able to go and pull on its own.

Now, this next use case is one that I'm personally going to be using quite a bit.

I've really been loving playing around with this over the last day, and that is my invoice agent.

And not only am I just going to use this invoice agent, but this is going to be paired with my inbox agent that I just showed you earlier on in the video.

Now, let me quickly break down exactly how this is going to work.

So, I have my invoicing agent, and what I'm going to do is I'm going to set an auto trigger, which is one of the coolest parts of Grok Bot, which I'm going to explain in a little bit.

And what this means is whenever an invoice email arrives, it's automatically going to flag this automation, where it's going to then draft a invoice in my style, send the email to this client, and then on top of that, it's going to track this in ClickUp, so I can see exactly what stage my payments are in inside of ClickUp, as well as my entire team can view that as well.

Now, let me show you exactly how to set this up, cuz it's really easy to create a new bot or an agent inside of Grok Bot.

So, I'm just going to click on create new, and all I'm going to do is I'm going to come down to message bot and just give it a brain dump.

All right, so here's the prompt that I'm going to give it.

I basically said, "Create an invoice agent that does these tasks.

Works with the inbox triage agent to scrape my emails, keeps track of all invoices and owed payments, generates invoices for me in a specific style, and then tracks the status of all invoices inside of my ClickUp board called invoices and payments." Then next, what I'm going to do is I'm just going to upload a PDF example of what I want this invoice to look like, so that way it always recreates it in this style with all of my payment information, so I never need to basically generate an invoice myself again.

So, here is an example right here of an invoice that I wanted to recreate.

I really like the style, and now it when I upload this as a reference, it's always going to look exactly like this.

So, what I'm going to do now is simply just send this off to my agent.

And now, as you could see, it's going and crafting this invoice style, as well as just setting up this entire agent.

One thing that you'll notice is we have this little green icon.

So, each of our bots or agents we have basically have their own icon, and whenever it's moving like this, you could see on the left-hand side, this basically just means that it's working in real time.

If it is stagnant like some of these ones right here, that means that it's not performing any tasks.

I think this is really cool to kind of just see which of the agents are working at any given time.

All right, so just a few minutes later, it actually went ahead, generated this invoice in the exact style.

This is great.

We can go ahead and download this directly onto our computer.

Let me just go ahead download that.

And then now, it's basically saying that this is done.

Say the word when you want to generate the next invoice or want me to pull what's owed from ClickUp.

So, since this is already connected to ClickUp, it's able to go and pull the other invoices that I've either sent or generated, so I could see basically what needs to be paid and what has been paid.

Now, this is really cool.

We obviously have an agent that has a specific style of invoices that it's able to generate, but where this gets really interesting is when we come over here to create a routine.

This is where we could either have this run on a schedule where every single day this invoice agent will go and scrape from my email inbox and then identify what invoices we need to generate.

But also, I could click on create invoice, and we can add a specific trigger.

So, what I mean by this is we could basically connect this to a Slack channel.

So, whenever there is a message related to invoices, it will automatically trigger this agent.

Which this is the first time we've kind of seen this from these AI agent platforms.

Before, we could do scheduled tasks and whatnot in Cloud Co-work, but we didn't really have the option to allow automations to kick off from a specific trigger or event that's happening inside of our apps.

Now, I want to show you something really cool.

Now, if I come over to my inbox triage agent, you can see there is this conversation happening between the inbox agent in the invoice agent.

And I didn't even have to go and tell it to go and do this.

It just automatically knew intuitively that it needed to communicate with other agent in order to get this done.

So, invoice agent said, "Hey, Brock set me up as the agent.

Please hand me anything invoice or payment related from our email triage." So, it basically broke down everything that it needs to flag for us.

And then the inbox triage agent went and pulled through my email and found the specific things that I need to, you know, understand and be up to date with.

All right, so, what I'm going to do now is create a group chat with the invoice agent in my inbox agent.

And what I'm going to do is I'm just going to give it a brain dump and say, "Hey, I want you to go and check my emails from the past day.

Find any email that is invoice related.

If there are specific invoices that we need to create, use the invoice agent in order to generate the invoices.

Then, I want you to draft the reply with the invoice in the email.

As well as, I want you to then add these to ClickUp in order to track the process and the status of all these different payments.

Now, to show you real quickly inside of my email inbox, I went ahead and drafted three different emails as demos because I don't want to show like actual invoices that I need to create just for confidential reasons.

What it did is it pulled from my email inbox.

And now you can see basically all of the invoices that we need to generate right here.

So, what it's going to do is now generate the invoices, create the draft reply for the email so I can just go and send it myself.

And it's then going to update this inside of ClickUp so I can see the status of all these.

All right, and just like that, we now have these emails drafted.

So, for example, if I click on this one, you can see that it added this reply email as well as even attached the specific invoice and I can go ahead and pull this up right here in the exact style that we fed it.

As well as, if I come into my invoice and payments board inside of ClickUp, we can now see that all of these invoices have been submitted.

As well as, if I click on this, it shows the client information here.

Shows the email thread.

And now me and my team can see exactly where we're at in the invoicing process.

All right, so this next use case is going to be a meeting agent.

And this is one that has been pretty fun to play around with myself.

And I see this being something that is actually really helpful for a lot of people.

So let's quickly walk through the process of how this works.

So first of all, we have a daily routine that is set where at 5:00 p.m. every single day, it's then going to use this tool called Granola, which if you don't know what Granola is, it's basically an AI meeting note-taker.

So it joins all of my meetings, as well as I could just give it a brain dump, and then it turns everything into a specific action item and a summary.

So at 5:00 p.m. it's then going to scrape all of the Granola meetings and notes from the day.

Then it's going to find all the specific action items from those notes, and then it's going to add them to ClickUp and assign the specific team member that needs to complete these tasks along with a due date.

All right, so let me show you the meeting agent in action.

So I went ahead, I created a new agent, and then I just gave it this prompt right here.

I just said I want to create a meeting agent.

This uses the Granola MCP.

Every day at the end of the day, 5:00 p.m. it's going to scrape Granola to find new notes that were added from either meetings or brain dumps that I had.

And then I basically just specified for agency related stuff, I wanted to add it to my agency board inside of ClickUp.

And if it's YouTube related, I wanted to add it to my YouTube board.

Just so that way it knows exactly where to populate these different tasks for me and my team to go and grab inside of ClickUp.

Now if I come into my Granola account, as you could see right here, we have a couple of different things.

We have a few different meeting notes that I've brain dumped inside of here.

So this will automatically populate with actual meetings that I have on my Google calendar.

For example, you could see the meetings I have, it's automatically going to create these and turn them into meeting notes.

But also, I could just have a brain dump on my phone, which is what I just did for this one right here.

So if I click on this, you could see it kind of broke down the key things that I discussed in like a 2-minute brain dump, and it shows the next steps here.

So, it shows that it needs to add these things to our ClickUp board.

So, let me go ahead and check if this was done inside of ClickUp now.

All right, so just like that, we now have these specific action items added to my Loom board inside of ClickUp.

It went ahead and was able to find which board it should go and add.

I didn't have to like specify it, which is pretty cool.

And then let's come back to Grok Bot, and I just said, "Hey, I want you to go into the Loom board in ClickUp and add priority levels to these with due dates." All right, now just like that, we have specific due dates for these given tasks as well as the priority.

So, it's able to analyze that this right here is something that we need to prioritize because we need to align on this before we have a meeting with somebody who's consulting for our business.

Now, I wanted to show this meeting agent use case cuz I think this could be really helpful for anybody that has meetings.

You could just plug in Granola, where it automatically transcribes and creates notes for those meetings, and then you could automatically route specific tasks to ClickUp for you.

I do want to quickly show exactly how you could connect Granola if you want to add it to your Grok Bot, and it's really simple.

You could either come to the agent and just say, "Hey, I want you to add Granola," and it will set it up for you, or you could come right here to where it says plugins.

You could click on this, and you could see I already have Granola configured.

You would just click add, it would open it in your browser, and you just have to authorize it from inside of your account.

It literally takes like 5 seconds to set it up.

It's that simple.

Now, let's say you scroll through this entire plugin marketplace, and you don't see an app that you want to use that you want to integrate your agent with.

Well, you can use something called a Zapier MCP, which allows you to connect to 9,000 plus different apps, and it's really easy to set up.

So, that way you can work across more applications than just the ones that Grok Bot allows you to.

For example, I have this MCP server configured right here, which has about like 25 different applications that I can use.

For example, there's some apps in here that I cannot connect to directly inside of Grok.

So, I cannot connect to school, which is where I have my entire community, as well as Beehiiv is another big one, which is where I run my email newsletter.

So, if I want to be able to perform actions inside of Beehiiv with my agents that I configure inside of Grok Bot, I actually have to be using Zapier MCP since it's not accessible in this list right here.

Now, this is very simple to set up.

First of all, you just need to have a Zapier account.

You could sign up with the link in the description, and then you're going to come into your plugin marketplace and then simply just look up Zapier and then click on this add button.

It's going to ask you to authorize your account from inside of Zapier, and then it will show that it's added right here.

And in order to test this out, let me just come into my inbox agent and say, "Hey, I want you to use the Zapier MCP to pull different stats from my Beehiiv campaigns so I can understand how many people I have on my newsletter." And here we go.

Went and pulled from Beehiiv using the Zapier MCP.

It shows the newsletter size.

It shows my open rate as well as the average click rate.

And the cool part is I could even have it go and perform actions inside of Beehiiv for me since it's now connected.

These are some use cases I've been finding for myself that I think are pretty cool.

Having multiple agents that are able to interact with each other and literally create group chats, I think is a pretty cool concept.

If you guys got some value from this video, leave a like, subscribe to the channel for more content like this, and I will see you in the next video.
