This guy remembers his credit card in his head, his full 20-digit credit card number, and he won't
remember something we talked about 4 days ago. He's a special specimen. Yep, that's us. You might be
wondering how we got here. Wait, who are we? [music] Oh yeah, so we wanted to mention how our weekly
draws they run from Sunday to Sunday right so every like Sunday at 8:00 p.m. it restarts. We
calculate the winner for the previous week and then we issue the number of tickets to each user for
the next week. Exactly. Um, we wanted to test that last Sunday. I like call Luke at 7:55 p.m. Yo,
hop on, open up your your simulator, put a timer, make sure you get the seconds in there so we know
exactly when it hits 8 p.m. Didn't work like Yeah, we we obviously did not have enough time. Yeah.
And unfortunately the the testing period is gonna have to wait till next weekend and we'll be more
prepared at that time. Yeah, that's our debugging update. [music] Yo Luke, what do you think of
these animations? I was uh going through and I found a cool sort of like pack. Okay. So, this one
for like That's pretty good. Earning tickets sort of thing. Or this one for earning tickets. Okay.
This one for like if you're the winner. Oh, wow. I like that spin. Like this for like when payout is
completed or something. These are free? I think so. It says free here. Okay. I'll have to download
it. Like I know we have a limit so it may count towards our limit but uh I think you can just like
create a new account under a different email. We'll definitely make sure that we respect all um
copyright laws and all that stuff. Oh Yeah yeah. It's it's copyright it's good. It's more the
platform which have limits but [music] All right. So basically we uh I set up Posthog last night. Um
Luke's going to get set up now and then if you want to just sort of go through what I did, check for
any errors, make sure it's all all good, use the MCP server. Basically what Posthog is, it's an
analytics tracking tool. So, uh, we'll be able to see, you know, what percentage of users who
download the app then actually use it, what percent sign up, what percent come back every week. Uh,
we can run some testing to make sure that any changes we make are having like a positive effect on
the metrics that we're tracking. So, uh, yeah, really cool team. We were like two weeks late on
their startup discount. actually. You had to be less than two years old and we incorporated like two
years and 10 days ago. Sent them an email, they said it's fine. So, uh, we also get some like free
credits and I think we can even ask for merch or something from them. So, Oh, merch. Yeah. I love
merch. See, we've got the merch right now. Yeah. Yep. Of course. The only only hoodies we own. Mhm.
[music] All right. So, exciting update. We saw a couple months ago that someone pretty high up at
Wealthsimple had joined our waitlist. Finally, since we sent our first email out and whatnot to the
waitlist members, I decided to reach out to him on LinkedIn just to connect and say, "Hey,
appreciate you supporting us or at least that we're on your radar." I don't know if you want to come
see Luke, but he was doing some research on the concept. Found our project. Thought it was pretty
cool. So, we're going to have a meeting with him. So, to get to know about him. I've been watching
some of his podcasts, learning about his stuff and uh where I worked before. I heard great things
about him. Really excited stuff and excited to have that first sort of conversation with
Wealthsimple and see where it leads to. Now, you might be thinking, who is this guy? That's me, the
editor. I came late this day. I'm also the only one of the three core members who joined after the
founding of the company. Here's how that happened. Let's tell them how we met. It's like we're we're
breaking the fourth wall. Oh, we're breaking. We know they're there. Yo camera. But we're talking
together. Hello people. So Luke and I, we've always been into poker. Like our group of friends since
high school we were playing and then we discover people at McGill run these games. Yeah. So we show
up and then we meet, you know, a bunch of awesome people there. Then we meet you. Shoutout Rob,
Phillip, Shamir. Yeah. Yeah. All the OGs. Yeah. Emile. Obviously I'm like always sort of pitching
the startup and I'm telling everyone about it and oh guys go go go join the waitlist. Businessman.
Yeah. And then you're like okay yo like I've been wanting to be part of a startup. I remember you
telling me that. Like I want to build something and I want to prove myself and we started talking
and seemed like a good fit. I think I lost a lot of money in that game actually. Like the game that
we were playing I think I was down like 150 bucks or something. I was really pissed. But then Ben,
like you told me about this like cool like random side business and I was originally coming in as a
developer to do code. Yeah. I came home to my girlfriend and then I told her about uh this like
random guy that I met with a fintech company. He wants me to do some dev work for him. Yeah, I
remember we like met up at the library a couple times, did some work together. I sort of like talked
a bit about the vision and where I saw it and for a while I did a little bit of dev work and then we
decided needed more growth. Yeah, we need more growth content and he put me on that. And anyway,
that's what I have fun with. I like the camera. Luke and I we're too uh we're too shy. I mean, hey,
we posted our first one. Yeah. That was my first video where I'm like actually in it. You know,
Luke, too. He's in it. So, uh you obviously know as the company is more and more successful, it's
going to be a lot easier. I'm a, I'm a bad cameraman. I missed the action, but the security guard
just came in here and told us to kick us out. Uh even though we have a 24/7 deal to stay in this
space. So, um Oh. Oh. Oh. Maybe not. Maybe not. I don't know. They tried to kick us out. They told
us to leave. Nobody's stopping us. They're stopping us. We're leaving in 30 minutes. But uh but
yeah, the boys are eating. Mine's cold at this point. some some frozen butter chicken. And yeah, so
we're uh we're out of here for tonight, but we continue tomorrow. [music] Okay. So, here I'm going
to purposely not sign in with Face ID. We're brought back to the sign in screen. Now, from here, I'm
going to continue with Face ID. Oh, okay. Well, it's supposed to ask for my Face ID. So, let's go
fix that. [music] the workstation. Got he's got Lodavo running. The app on the phone. Got some stuff
running here. Create personal API. Oh, I should not be showing our API keys. Oh, I like that zoom
in. [music] We're approaching our 8:00 p.m. test for the launch later in like two weeks. Um the the
dev boys are stressing right now, so I'm filming. Yeah. Hopefully we uh make it. 20 minutes to go.
[music] Isn't there a chance that neither of you win the ticket? No. How come? So, we have two we
have two prizes. We have a weekly guaranteed prize of $100. Right. Which as long as there is a user,
someone will win it. That is calculated by the ticket with the most matches. And if more tickets
have the same number of matches, let's say me and Luke, we both have a ticket that has four out of
seven matches. Yeah. Well, then one of us will be randomly chosen as the winner. Okay. So, I don't
need to get everything right. I just need to get more right than anybody else. Or get lucky. Yeah.
You just get lucky. And the $10K is for what? $10K is if you match all seven, then you win the grand
prize. Talk about him again, please. Bro, why why why would you talk about Posthog again when we
already filmed that last Friday? I forgot, man. See, that was This guy remembers his credit card in
his head, his full 20-digit credit card number, and he won't remember something we talked about 4
days ago. Obviously not. He's a special specimen. Obviously not. First official test run uh in 8
minutes. Yeah hide all the fancy code. Hide all the all the. So, what's happening right now is it's
almost 8:00 p.m. and at 8:00 p.m. on Sunday, we're going to get the seventh number of the draw and
that's when the snapshot of everyone's tickets bank account is going to be taken so that the tickets
are going to be frozen for the next week. Noo, you don't have to watch that. [music] I'm stressed
like Yeah, I'm I'm good to start testing. Oh, well, we should delete our old users. Alright. Yeah.
See, cuz I'm like I'm logged in. So, let's Do we have time? Yeah. Yeah. Go time. Go time. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go. Moment of truth. Yeah. Okay. Is the app app we have spent. Let's go. Gotta be
quick. Slow McGill Wi-Fi. I'm setting up right now. So, I'm trying on the simulator. Oh, I'm going
to put WAITLIST. Oh, sh** I'm going to get more tickets than you. Nice beautiful animation screen.
First, create your account. You get the little introduction here. I already know how to do this. And
then yeah. So link the first account Link both of them. This one I'm not going to link a bank
account. I'm just going to enter your code and see if I got my tickets without linking an account.
Okay. Let's try a weird birthday. Let's get a February 29th. Guys, what year was was it a leap year?
I don't know. Aren't you like super smart? No, we're we're good. Like we already created enough
accounts. I'm just I'm doing extra. Wait but Ben. Okay. So, it released the winning number this week
early. I think it's glitching. Oh, revealing. What the Yo, can you film this? Just for like dev.
Yeah. Why is it busting around? Yeah it's glitching. It was doing that on Luke's phone, but yeah,
did you get the reveal? Yeah. And then it's going back and forth, eh? Okay. So, yeah. I don't know
why the screen is moving like this. Why is it busting around, brother? Yeah, it's it's having
trouble loading the uh the data from the API. So, it's like it's alternating between uh new screen I
made a uh two days ago. Oh nice. It shows like your tickets breakdown. Oh, so we got the winner, eh?
Oh sh** wrong way. So, so here "no winner this week". So, it properly says that. Huh? Oh, for that
one. Okay. Yeah. What about for the every everyday winner? So No. No. So, like, so it's saying last
week there were no users, so there's no winner this week. Okay. Now, we'll see in the back end, I
guess. So, the front end is not displaying. It should say that we have like we each got I should
have 100 tickets cuz I used the waitlist promo code. Right. It says zero. We'll go check the data.
See if I actually do have 100. And it's just reading reading the data wrong. Yeah. Or if it just
didn't register at all. Luke, you should open your logs. See what it said. I have no logs. What do
you have no logs? You always have logs. Good. You want to get food? Yeah. Honestly, not bad. We know
what needs to be fixed. We will investigate deeper, I guess. See like um if things are small issues
or big issues, but uh hey at least we got to go through the whole- yeah we'll check the database
after supper. Like front end, everything basically worked like someone was able to download the
account the app create an account link their Plaid account. Yeah. And view home screen just with bad
data. right? Yeah. The number got revealed early. Oh yeah. Pretty cool. We're capturing bro's
disappointed face. Huh? I'm not disappointed. No, Be happy. I'm waiting for my one-time password.
Progress. Progress. I'm very happy. Good. And now you get to go eat. We will talk about later if uh
I guess about like investing into the company. Oh, we'll have to balance how much, you know, like
there's no no one's forced to to put in, but also like then you can't complain if you get diluted.
Tired, man. Hey, it's only 8:00, man. You got at least four more hours in you no? Uhh. This guy's
like this guy's an early bird boy. Yeah. Yeah, I need a break. [music] Postgame interview. Good
call. Hopefully to get uh beep partnered with us, but it's secret for now. Why are you so close,
bro? Cut cut cut. [music]
